BrightStim Self-Administration Manual Epworth Centre for Innovation in
Mental Health (ECIMH) Simplified Treatment Checklist Saline on sponges
-- 6mL on each side (12mL per sponge in total). Insert sponges over
white clip forks. Insert electrodes into each sponge (Red lead \> red
clip / blue lead \> blue clip). Place cap on head -- ensure correct
placement of cap as per instructions Start treatment. Relax for 30
minutes -- follow guidelines. Guidelines for Treatment During treatment,
you want your brain activity to be 'neutral', meaning you want to be
relaxed but alert. It is important that you do not participate in any
activities that require mental effort as this can prevent the treatment
from having long-lasting effects on your memory and thinking abilities.
Equipment Descriptions The BrightStim home-kit includes the headset,
yellow sponges, two electrodes connected to leads, Brightstim device,
kidney dish, alcohol swabs, bottled saline, needleless syringe and a
clear plastic container. Each item is important for a different stage of
treatment which is outlined in the step-by-step user-manual. BrightStim
Device Button Diagram Contact Details In the event that you should
experience any difficulties using this kit, please refer to the
following contact details of project coordinators who can assist: Ms
Prabhavi Perera Study Coordinator Epworth Centre for Innovation in
Mental Health (ECIMH) Phone: (03) 9805 4163 Email:
magelage.perera\@monash.edu If you cannot get in contact with Ms
Prabhavi Perera, you can contact: Dr Sally Herring Research Manager and
Study Co-investigator Epworth Centre for Innovation in Mental Health
(ECIMH) Phone: (03) 9805 4126 Email: sally.herring\@epworth.org.au Dr
Neil Bailey Post-Doctoral Fellow and Study Co-investigator Epworth
Centre for Innovation in Mental Health (ECIMH) Phone: (03) 9805 4367
Email: neil.bailey\@monash.edu
